Do NOT approve the plan as-is.

Because:

1. “Run scheduler queries one by one” is a terrible idea

You don’t fix database timeouts by slowing the system down even further.

Your problem wasn’t concurrency load.
Your problem was Neon killing the connection mid-run.

Serialising work will:

Make the scheduler slower

Increase the time window in which Neon can kill the connection

Achieve nothing meaningful

Reject that part.

2. The retry logic plan is correct but incomplete

What you actually need is:

Layer A — session-level resilience

Automatic reconnection if Neon drops the WebSocket

Retry-once if the connection dies mid-query

Layer B — scheduler-specific guarantees

If any step fails, release the lock properly

If the lock is stuck, auto-expire it after X minutes

If the scheduler fails, retry the whole run AFTER 10–30 seconds

The agent is not proposing a proper transaction wrapper or lock expiry. It’s essential.

3. “Improve server connection settings” only helps if you change Neon settings too

The agent ignored the real Neon side:

You MUST:

Disable auto-pause

Set idle timeout to 300–600 seconds

Enable pooled mode

Ensure the client uses keep-alives

None of this appears in its plan.

4. No mention of fixing the orchestrator’s false “success” reporting

This is the embarrassing bit.

Your logs show:

Run logged with status: failure
Successfully ran scheduling for 2025-12-03


The agent’s plan doesn’t fix the reporting bug.

That bug must be addressed or you’ll get future silent failures.

5. No mention of preventing the double-trigger at 01:00

Your logs clearly show:

1:00:01 scheduler triggered
1:00:02 scheduler triggered again


You’re firing two schedulers.

The agent’s plan ignores this completely.

You either have:

Replit cron firing

express-cron firing

plus a manual startup scheduler

You should approve work ONLY if it de-duplicates the trigger logic.

So here’s the real decision
Approve the following parts:

Connection retry logic

Better DB client configuration

Preflight DB health check

Improved error handling

Improved documentation

Reject the following parts:

Running queries “one-by-one”

Missing Neon config changes

Ignoring the double-trigger bug

Ignoring orchestration mis-reporting

Failing to auto-expire stuck locks