The bench. 

I would like you to help me plan and implement a method for handling projects that are not possible to complete within the time allocated, but also still need to be active. 
For example, we make take on a client and they may have 3 quarters of VAT due and they are in a mess and they don't have  their paperwork, or their VAT registration date, so we can't even really start the work. 

I don't want my staff being marked down in these scenarios. 

So I would like to create a system of changing their status - so they exist in a limbo / suspended stage called being 'On The Bench'. They are active, but not part of the project. A special status that when assigned means the project is removed from all usual project stages. 

In the event that the service becomes due again, if the project type is set to allow multiple projects, the process runs as it does now - new project is created etc. The staff user can then Bench that one too if they wish. 

In the event the service only permits one project at a time, the previously Benched one should be made inactive with the inactive reason of 'Benched at Deadline' - this means it isn't recorded negatively for the staff member as completed unsuccessful. A new project is created, but it should also be created as being 'On The Bench' - which allows for continuity. 

I think we can add a new button to the project detail page called 'Move to Bench' to complete this action. Capture timestamp, user and bench reason from one of the following: 

Legacy Work
Missing Data
Other 

(we will add more later)

The inverse of the button must exist where the project is on the bench. 'Take Off Bench'. 

Putting or removing a project on the bench should add a chronology entry. 

Add a permission to the user profile and expose it in the user management area (via the super admin menu) that needs to be true in order for the user to see this button. 

Visually, when in a Kanban view of a project, create a new column at the very end right called 'On the Bench' and show benched projects there. 

Benched projects are not subject to the same colour coding rules as other projects. So they likely just appear without colouring at all. 

As benched projects are still considered active, they should appear in any list of projects where the filter is set to show active, but it should show as 'On the Bench' in the stage (or somewhere). 

Help me brainstorm this idea to ensure I have thought through all the parts of the system that it impact, and that the idea is fleshed out enough to work well within the rest of the system. 
