We've been doing some amazing work adding support for staff users to raise queries to the clients as part of projects. 
There’s already some great feedback about refinements & bugs. 

I would you like you to review these requirements and review the whole codebase for how queries work, and then make a detailed plan and output it ‘queries_module_improvements.md’ broken down into stages for how we can tackle each of the following: 

One of the themes that came out was the staff were concerned about sending too many queries for the client to work through, particularly when some queries may actually relate to the same supplier or customer - hence we’d only need them to review one row per supplier or customer, even if there were many rows that relate to them. 

To improve this feature, let’s make a detailed plan that: 

You should take as long as you need to create the highly detailed plan for this, as there as multiple stages and features. 

Queries Module:  
1. Add filter box that searches against description, to allow the staff user to quickly find all instances of the same supplier or customer.
2. Add filter to reduce by money in or out
3. Introduce the ability to ‘Group’ certain transactions - for example, the user searches for ‘barclays’ - the system shows all these transactions, and the user selects and ‘groups’ them. Now when we send these to the client, we only show 1 row / screen on the mobile version for all of these. Perhaps we find some super slick way, for the client to ‘see all instances’
4. It would be super clever if the staff user could press ‘Auto-Group’ for queries and the system goes through and finds all queries where the description has the same first n characters and it proposes the groupings. Importantly, the staff user would need to be able to remove individual queries from an auto-group or reject and entire grouping if the results are wrong. 
5. Add support for notifying assignees when client answers queries (make this a choice to select the project assignees that get notified as soon as the client answers any queries). This would be part of the scheduling process. 
6. ‘Notify; button is not finding assignees to notify when pressed. The correct behaviour is that the system should list ALL assignees that are linked to the current project. 
7. Cancel all scheduled reminders button is not working on the kanban card modal - note, it works just fine when pressed from the project detail page. 

If you need to make the kanban modal larger, or change UI elements to achieve this, you can do.