Currently on the detail / overview tab for a project type, like this (/settings/project-types/9da5917f-76fb-4a79-aa98-90287756ff73) the information we show isn't really optimised. This is an important part of the system, and I would like us to re-image what's possible here. For starters a related point 1) We could move the settings to 'settings' tab. All project types are now roles based, so this section can be removed. On the overview tab if a user marks 'voice ai reminders' as TRUE, we can dynamically show the 'Configure Voice Ai settings'. 2) The 2 sections shown in the images with rectangles on them are really not needed and do not add any value, so insteaad 3) I would like you to think big about how a project type sits toether - utlimately, it has stages, the stages have change reasons, some stages have change approvals, and some stage may have notifications that we send to clients. Each stage may have max interval times and max total times. The  there can be client projects tasks, some of which may be linked to a reminders schedule. I am imagining a beautiful flow chart on the overview tab which dynamically updates based on what is configured in the other tabs, something perhaps with expandable of collapsable sections that flows vertically allowing the user to conceptualise easily the logical flow they have created for their project type. Not sure how you'll show reminders with this, but I am sure there is a way. But something that is stunning to look at, easy to understand at a macro level, and also for deeper insights of what the project type has going on. Perhaps linking to the relevant sections in other tabs should the user wish to jump off and make changes or edits. And a final wish of being able to produce a beautiful printable version of the project type, so it exists outside of the system, effectively becoming an SOP (standard operating procedure) for how a company delivers a service through the associated projects. Let's review the world's best for this sort of thing and make our effort even better. Let's discuss it, then produce a file called 'project-type-overview.md' that includes a detailed plan and is sure to factor in our Testing-Principles.md and the critical how-to-test.md file