Clarification Questions:
1. Relationship to Current Projects System
Your current system has "Projects" that flow through Kanban stages. How should Task Templates relate to this?

That's a really great question. Actually, later, we will link a Kanban stage of a project type to a task template. For example, we might have 'Monthly Bookkeeping' Project type, and a Kanban stage of 'confifm all receipts from client' and we might have a task template called 'Bookkeeping Info', which asks for any missing receipts and confirms they've given us everything. We'd map that task template to the particular Kanban stage. 

Later still, we'll add support for sending an email / sms / push to the client user telling them about a new 'Client Request' (which will be the terminology we use for the client). 



2. Task Assignment
Who completes the task templates when they're applied to a client?

Client portal users (like the messaging system). Yes, when applying a task template / client request it will be mapped to a client and then to a related person. 
For example, the task template might be to do with the data required for accounts prep, so we map it to client X, and then select related person Y from the related people for that client. 

Task Templates / Client Requests will always be completed by the client user in this regard. 


3. Task Instance Lifecycle
What states can a Task Instance have?

Draft, In Progress, Completed, Cancelled?
Do you need approval/review stages?
Can tasks be reassigned or have due dates?


Another very good question. I think the task template can be in draft in the admin area, and then made active when it's ready for use. 'Active' task templates would appear in the 'client detail > tasks > New Client Request' button. 

For the Task template instance (the version (Client Request) that goes to the client), It should start as 'Not Started', move to 'In Progress', and the client user should be able to save and return. When they submit it, it changes to 'Submitted'. 

NOTE - we'll need some workflow for staff users to review the Client Requests that are at the 'Submitted' Status. 

4. Section vs. Page Terminology
You mentioned "multiple page forms" - should I interpret "sections" as:

Visual sections within one scrollable form?
Or actual separate pages that users navigate through (step 1 of 3, etc.)?

Visual sections on a srollable form.


5. File Uploads Integration
When a file is uploaded via a task template:

Should it automatically create a document record in the Documents tab? - Yes. 


Should it have a special folder like "Task Uploads" or be linked to the task instance? - Both. 

Can one file upload question accept multiple files? - Yes. 



6. Conditional Logic Priority
You mentioned "Conditional display fields" as future - should I:

Implement basic show/hide based on another field's value?


7. Template Preview
What should the preview show?

The questions that the task template contains. 



Just the question list?
A read-only version of the actual form?
Both?